Update instructions of authentication portal external hosting (#2853)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/hosting-authentication-endpoint-on-a-different-server.md

    - cxf-rt-rs-extension-search-*.jar 
    - cxf-rt-rs-service-description-*.jar 
    - cxf-rt-transports-http-*.jar 
    ```
    
3.  Copy the following .jar files from the `<IS_HOME>/lib/` directory to the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/lib` directory. 
    
    ```xml
    - xercesImpl-*.jar
    - geronimo-jta_*.jar
    - stax2-api-*.jar
    - woodstox-core-asl-*.jar
    ```
    
4.  Copy the following .jar files from the `<IS_HOME>/bin/` directory to the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/lib` directory. 
    
    ```xml
    - org.wso2.carbon.bootstrap-*.jar
    - tomcat-juli-*.jar
    ```

5. Copy the following .jar files from the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/tools/forget-me/lib/` directory to the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/lib` directory. 

    ```xml
    - log4j-*.jar
    - pax-logging-api-*.jar
    ```

> 6. Copy the .jar files from `<IS_HOME>repository/components/features/org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authentication.framework.server_*/runtimes/cxf3/org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authentication.endpoint.util-*.jar` to the`<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/lib` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Copy `<IS_HOME>repository/components/features/org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authentication.framework.server_*/runtimes/cxf3/org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authentication.endpoint.util-*.jar` to the`<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/lib` directory. 
```

correct?

    
7. Copy the `RecoveryEndpointConfig.properties` file from the `<IS-HOME>/repository/conf/identity` directory to the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes` directory.

> 8. Navigate to `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/RecoveryEndpointConfig.properties` file and uncomment the following line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Open the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/RecoveryEndpointConfig.properties` file and uncomment the following line.
```

    ```xml
    identity.server.service.contextURL=https://localhost:9443
    ```

> 9. Navigate to `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/EndpointConfig.properties` file and change the following line,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Open the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/EndpointConfig.properties` file and change the following line,
```

>     ```

Reviewer: Don't need this code block here if we are using the above line.

Author: fixed in [8df37a9](https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/2853/commits/8df37a9d2e6fee032cd30c4fad51df1d884d0bc3)

    identity.server.origin=\${carbon.protocol}://\${carbon.host}:\${carbon.management.port}
    ```

>     as follows and update the Keystore file paths on the same file accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as follows and update the Keystore file paths on the same file accordingly.
```

    ```
    identity.server.origin=https://localhost:9443
    ```

> 10. Uncomment following section in `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` and point to identity server URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Uncomment the following section in the `<WEBAPP_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` file and point to the identity server URLs.
```

    ...
    ```

> 11. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file:
```

    request_missing_claims_url = "https://localhost.com:8443//authenticationendpoint/claims.do"
    ```

> 12. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file to point to the authentication endpoint hosted outside the WSO2 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. To point to the authentication endpoint hosted outside the WSO2 server, add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.
```

    retry= "https://localhost:8443/authenticationendpoint/retry.do"
    ```

> 14. Import the public certificate of the identity server to the `javaca` certs (or `web-serverstruststore`) of the JVM where the authentication endpoint is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Import the public certificate of the identity server to the `java cacerts` (or `web-serverstruststore`) of the JVM where the authentication endpoint is running.
```

    retry= "https://localhost:8443/authenticationendpoint/retry.do"
    ```

> 13. Import the public certificate of the identity server to the javaca certs (or web-serverstruststore) of the JVM that the authenticationendpoint is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Import the public certificate of the identity server to the `javaca` certs (or `web-serverstruststore`) of the JVM where the authentication endpoint is running.
```

Reviewer: What is `javaca` certs? Is this supposed to be a truststore?

Author: javaca is where Java stores public certificates of root CAs. It's not something related to IS. It's by default available in installed java

    keytool -import -alias wso2carbon -keystore  $WEB_APP_TRUSTSTORE -file wso2carbon.cer
    ```

> 14. Import the public certificate of the Web\_server’s keystore to the Identity Server truststore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Import the public certificate of the web server’s keystore to the Identity Server truststore.
```

    …...
    ```

> 8.  Navigate to `<TOMCAT_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/RecoveryEndpointConfig.properties` file and uncomment the following line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Open the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/RecoveryEndpointConfig.properties` file and uncomment the following line:
```

    ```
    identity.server.service.contextURL=https://localhost:9443
    ```

> 9.  Navigate to `<TOMCAT_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/EndpointConfig.properties` file and change the following line,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.  Open the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/classes/EndpointConfig.properties` file and change the following line:
```

    ```
    identity.server.origin=\${carbon.protocol}://\${carbon.host}:\${carbon.management.port}
    ```

>     as follows and update the Keystore file paths on the same file accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```
    identity.server.origin=https://localhost:9443

>     ```

Reviewer: The following is a new step yeah?

```
10. Update the keystore file paths on the same file accordingly.
```

Author: fixed in [8df37a9](https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/2853/commits/8df37a9d2e6fee032cd30c4fad51df1d884d0bc3)

> 10. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file:
```

    request_missing_claims_url="https://localhost:8443/authenticationendpoint/claims.do"
    ```

> 11. Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file to point to the authentication endpoint hosted outside the WSO2 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. To point to the authentication endpoint hosted outside the WSO2 server, add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.
```

    retry= "https://localhost:8443/authenticationendpoint/retry.do"
    ```

12. Start both Identity Server and tomcat and access `https://localhost:9443/dashboard`. Now you can see that the authentication is redirected to: `https://localhost:8443/authenticationendpoint/login.do`

    Now let’s take out account recovery endpoint into the external
    Tomcat server as well.

> 13. Run `setup-accountrecovery.sh` obtained from [step 2](#HostingAuthenticationEndpointonaDifferentServer-step2) and follow the instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Run the `setup-accountrecovery.sh` script, which you obtained from [step 2](#HostingAuthenticationEndpointonaDifferentServer-step2) and follow the instructions.
```

> 14. Change the following section in `<TOMCAT_HOME>/webapps/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` file and point to `IdentityManagementEndpointContextURL` into tomcat URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Change the following section in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/webapps/authenticationendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` file and point `IdentityManagementEndpointContextURL` to the Tomcat URL.
```

    …
    ```

> 15. Uncomment and change the user portal reference in the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/accountrecoveryendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15.  Open the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/accountrecoveryendpoint/WEB-INF/web.xml` file, uncomment the section given below, and update the user portal reference.
```
